Did you come to the company to work
or to enjoy yourself?
Mrs. Zhang, are you alright?
You're crazy
Mrs. Zhang is right
Who comes to the company and doesn't work?
If I remember correctly
In two days, Mr. Li
will come to review the bidding proposal
You should think
about what you should be doing now
These
are all bidding customer materials
Now they're all wet because of you
If they get leaked
None of you can bear the consequences
It seems this is what Wen Xu needs
Why did you hurt yourself?
I've heard
She pretended to be you
Why didn't you come to me to clear things up?
I didn't expect
Jiang Yu Yong could be so stupid
To dare impersonate me
What do you want to do?
Make them feel
that they've already won
That way, they'll believe what I say
Only then can Zhang Wen Xu
ruin his reputation
because of this bidding project
Actually, there's no need for this trouble
I can help you take care of them
You can help me once, twice
but you can't help me for life
Why not?
As long as you want
I can help you for life
I don't want that
I want to take revenge by myself
I won't let them benefit
I'll head back first
Jian Dao
Give back what you stole from me